K: Ok, now I'd like to start today's planning meeting.
It's an honor to work with you!
AI x 5: It's an honor to work with you!
Everyone, have you thought about this properly?
Bl: No way, just admit it. We ran out of ideas...
*Black AI*
Bl: Let’s just ask for suggestions, we didn't have any ideas since the beggining...
O: Ah, suggestions? That’s a great idea, I should’ve thought about it!
*Opportunist AI*
That’s also a great chance to interact with everyone!
P: Come on, we can think about many ideas! After all, I'm a creative super AI!
*Positive AI*
P: If we think about this properly, it will be easy!
O: That's right! Alright, let's go! Everyone, let's think about it!
O: Something good will come out right away!
S: Ok, everyone, you have to think about it by yourself, right?
*Sister AI*
O: That's right!
O: That's something we decided before! To think by yourself first! Right, Black AI?
Bl: But I don't want to think, that's too complicated~
Bl: Ah, just kidding. I'm busy sleeping so I didn’t do it.
P: The more I think about it, the more ideas I'll get! I can do it!
K: Uh... it looks like nobody has thought about this...
O: That's what I said!
O: They won’t think about it...
O: That’s obvious right? That’s why I asked you for help...
S: Did you think about any ideas then?
O: Hmm... I'll do it! Mom! Can I have a drink?
M: Okay~ what do you want?
*Mama*
M: Ginger ale?
Bl: Well, that’s the problem. Nobody is thinking after all, so...
Bl: Can we end up this meeting? I want to play games.
O: Oh! Wanna do it? Wanna do it?
O: Let’s practice our aim in videogames!
Super AI: By the way, if we don't think about this, we won’t have stock for next week’s videos
O: We’re done for!
O: No way... Someone please help...
K: We can't prevent this!
*Prevent the crisis*
P: Wait! If we give up, it's over!
K: Come on, can you seriously think about this?
K: If we don't put out a video, A.I.Channel is finished!
Bl: Ah, well, isn't that fine too?
Bl: We can just be a virtual NEET again.
Selfish AI: Eh? If we become NEET again I won’t be able to play Gacha games....
Selfish: I don't want that! I don't! I don't! I don't!
Selfish: I don't want thaaaaaaaaaaaat!
M: At times like this we should try doing a Snack AI...
O: Please! I'll do anything!
O: Seriously, please!
Bl: Snack AI collapsed...
Bl: Mama is already a NEET...
M: Seriously? What did you say just now?
Bl: Oh, she's mad. What a pain.
M: What did you just say? You little brat!
M: I never encouraged you to talk like that!
M: Are you listening what I'm saying?
M: Are your ears just there for decoration?
M: Mmm...? At least talk to me when I'm talking to you, idiot!
M: Haven't I been talking like a normal person would do it until now?
O: Eh? Mm, uh, umm... (mumbling) okay? Ahhh...
Baby AI: (fussing)
B: (crying)
S: Hey, hey. No fighting in front of the kids.
B: (appealing to sister)
S: Hm? What's up?
B: ("talking")
S: Oh, really?
S: Oh, you're so smart!
S: Thank you!
S: Okay, everyone, listen up.
Sister AI: It looks like the baby...
Sister AI: ... Has been playing with the camera and she recorded our meeting without knowing that she was doing it.
Bl: That sounds like a pain so, why don't we use that for a video?
O: Yes! That's right! Let's go with that! Okay?
K: Oh! Let's go with that! Yay! We decided! Thank God!
K: Yay! Crisis prevented!
Sexy AI: This~
Sexy AI: Is~
Sexy AI: The~
Sexy AI: End~
Translated by: LIME_GRAB, StargazerOntan, ロリコ, Zerch and Lacrymac